(suspenseful music)
(gasps softly)
SMILEY: Congratulations.
Uh...
(gasps)
Hm...
Uh...
You've passed the Adaptability Test.
(whimpering)
No need to worry.
After we turn you into a Hemiteos Unit,
you're going to conceive my child.
(frantic breathing)
The time has come for you to undergo
full-scale modification surgery.
You shall be reborn.
However, at the time of surgery,
if you are so unwilling
and full of sorrow,
that's not my true intention.
SMILEY: What I want you to do
is have pride in the fact that
you are going to become a wonderful being.
Artemis, the Goddess of Machines,
who is on the moon...
Humans are in the process
of being eliminated by Her selection.
It's nothing to be sad about.
Huh?
SMILEY: Switching of the superior species
is a healthy thing, in the long term.
For example,
any sharp blade develops rough edges
as time goes by.
Then it must be sharpened,
but that also has a limit.
There is no other choice
than to find a new blade, that's all.
Artemis was originally created by humans.
Do you know why it turned out this way?
Humans made Artemis wiser
and more loyal than anything else.
That was the big mistake.
Humans have domesticated
countless species of animals.
But none of those animals posed a threat
by rising up against humans.
Humans should have made Artemis
somewhat unwise and weak.
The humans who created Artemis
did not understand
what is important at all.
(panting)
(action music)
VOLT: Identification signal received.
It's Hemiteos Unit, Strength.
We should hurry, too.
Get ready. We're starting.
(grunts)
(weapon firing)
(Strength grunts)
I came for payback!
MAN: The enemy has entered
our Main Temple,
the Overland Aircraft Carrier.
There are more enemies approaching.
All crews intercept at full power.
(explosion)
It's time to make good on our education.
Death to the uneducated barbarians.
(action music)
Mm...
Don't be too reckless.
I can't let you die in a place like this.
I'll be okay. You'll protect me.
Uh...
Oh, you are so right.
(giggles)
You're such an angel.
You are my beloved angel.
(chuckles)
(gunshot)
This is crazy.
It's getting crazier by the minute.
I feel like I made a big mistake
along the way.
Looking back rationally,
there's no need for me to do this.
Shut up! You've already lost your chance
to get out, so brace yourself.
The whole gang is here for a car chase.
Car chase? Seems to me like
just another excuse to exchange fire.
I'd like to know your definition
of a car chase.
You keep babbling,
just don't bite your tongue, driver.
(blasting)
BLACK TRIKE:
Enemy threat level assessment.
I recommend prioritizing the elimination
of those with anti-tank offensive power.
Got it.
(action music)
(zooming)
(zaps, blasts)
Colonel, what is our plan from here?
Send Empress and Dead Master
to the Overland Aircraft Carrier, for now.
I'll figure out
what we're doing after that.
Roger.
Are Peacebuilding Force operations
always this haphazard?
I'm surprised you've survived.
Of course,
we're not always this haphazard!
(gunshots)
STRENGTH: Let's hurry because this place
is a den of perverts.
NORITO: Don't say it like that.
It makes me more worried about my sister.
Don't wimp out on me now.
(gunshots)
Do you really think those BB guns
would work on me?
(explosions)
Interesting.
(foreboding music)
(squelching)
(gasps)
I shall educate them.
These are...
(gasps)
(whimpering)
STRENGTH: Hey.
Hey.
I know how you feel, but make sure
your sister's not one of these bodies.
NORITO: No!
STRENGTH: You have to.
Don't waste our time.
If her body's here,
the rescue mission is over.
I understand.
Rescue mission...
What's the matter?
Well, we did come here
to rescue your sister,
but it's turning
into something more than that.
This reminds me of...
going into the kitchen to clean up,
and finding a cockroach.
I can't leave the kitchen
until I kill the cockroach.
That's how I feel.
(ominous music)
LUNATIC: All preparations are done.
But...
(whimpers)
Where the hell is Smiley?
This unit's supposed to be for him.
I can't make adjustments without him.
For times like this,
he should have uploaded
his bio-information frequently.
I mean, jeez.
(whimpers)
-(thwacks)
-(yelps)
Some gratuitous violence.
(sighs)
I'm bored.
Too much time with nothing to do.
(weak exhale)
-(tires screech)
-(weapons fire)
(blasting)
(action music)
-(zaps)
-(gasps)
(weapon firing)
It's her.
I'm sorry to say...
I will kill you all.
(gasps)
Charlotte.
(engine roars)
Uh?
My name is Smiley.
I'm the one who guides all of you.
So you are... Smiley.
Now, I shall educate you.
(gunshots)
Can't you stay still?
It's hard to kill you.
That's pretty funny.
(groans)
(explosion)
Not bad.
Empress, why are you in the way
of the Educational Institution?
What you guys are doing is wrong.
It's unacceptable, no matter the reason.
You say such foolish things,
because you are uneducated.
(Black Trike yelps)
SMILEY: You don't understand
the greatness of Artemis or my sincerity.
You never learn. You don't even try.
I have no choice but to teach you
with my own hands.
I don't even want to know.
What?
Uh...
-Huh?
-Who are you?
Long time no see.
Hemiteos Unit Type 02, Strength.
Huh?
Well, that's odd.
Have you forgotten me? It's me, Lunatic.
(gasps)
STRENGTH: No!
LUNATIC: Must be a defect
from the original body.
-I hope this adjustment will improve it.
-STRENGTH: No!
(Strength whimpering)
You!
We fought each other so hard.
And then I trained you afterward.
STRENGTH: Trained me?
You've got a lot of nerve.
I'm not the type
to have things done to me.
I'm the one to do it.
I'll discipline your ass
until you scream for mercy.
Wow! You're all pumped up.
You can manipulate Arche, huh?
LUNATIC: Are you going to let me
have fun this time?
You'll have so much fun,
you'll be crying and begging to stop!
LUNATIC (chuckles):
Don't be too hard on me, though.
("ASEED" by ZAQ playing)
-(zapping)
-(Smiley grunting)
You... You're not human?
Don't lump me in
with those ignorant humans.
I'm more similar to you girls.
My child will be
even more perfect than me.
Child? Are you going to
make Miya your bride?
Yes. None of the ultimate sacrifices
will be in vain.
(groans)
Ultimate sacrifices...
I've finally found the one
who's adaptable to me.
The female who is worthy of my body.
And you are also qualified.
You should be happy.
I'll never forgive you.
Don't be too hard on you?
STRENGTH: You're just a freak.
How could you? There are no freaks here.
It's just me who is Artemis' human avatar,
and you who is one
of the silly guardians of humans.
Two of us who share the same origins,
but are total opposites,
similar to two poles on magnets
that repel each other.
Enough with your nonsense.
I'll blow you away!
(zaps)
(gasps)
Tch.
STRENGTH: Darn it.
Ta-dah!
Now, it's my turn.
I'll blow you away!
(tires screech)
(gasps)
You're mine.
(grunts)
(Black Trike whimpers)
Quite impressive,
but since it has come to this...
Behold, Smiley's ultimate form.
-(grunts)
-(gasps)
-This will teach you! Learn!
-(Empress groans)
That felt good.
How does this feel?
(Smiley gasps, whimpers in pain)
That one looks kind of menacing.
(weapon firing)
BLACK TRIKE: Ouch!
Black Trike.
Serious damage to the main engine.
ECU self-diagnosis
and troubleshooting program initiated.
Hm... Out of ammunition, eh?
Even his own men?
Colonel, Empress is engaging
in a battle with Smiley.
VOLT: Permission to back her up.
COLONEL: Permitted. Don't be reckless.
Roger.
(gasps)
Don't be reckless, he says.
LUNATIC: Oh, is that all you got?
STRENGTH: No way, of course not.
LUNATIC: I'm going to take
my time with you.
SMILEY (evil laughter): What's the matter?
You've got nothing left?
There's more from me.
(groaning)
Colonel! I'm leaving the future up to you!
What?
(explosion)
Volt.
SMILEY: How much more
are you going to disappoint me
when we are right in the middle of...
(zaps)
...education?
(panting)
BLACK TRIKE: You did it, Empress.
Mm. So now I just have to...
(metal squealing)
Huh? Did they just destroy
the Educational Institution?
What are you going to do?
That's all for today.
Never mind about the Institution.
LUNATIC: But it'll be a problem
if Charlotte is abducted.
Smiley never showed up, either.
This whole day is messed up.
I'll reward you for not breaking.
That kid's sister can be found in a lab
at the end of that corridor.
(gasps)
STRENGTH: Why are you--
LUNATIC: But you have to promise
we'll play again.
For now, I'm out of here.
See you again!
(gasps)
Miya!
Tch.
STRENGTH: That witch.
I barely survived.
(groans)
(gasps)
MIYA: Norito.
Miya.
NORITO (sobs): I'm so happy. Miya.
EMPRESS: Smiley wasn't human.
That's right.
He couldn't make babies with humans.
That's why he tried to create pseudo
Hemiteos Units to conceive a child.
It's all a sick joke.
Is my daughter his bride, too?
She was probably modified
for that purpose.
But if it had been a success,
there wouldn't be
any reason to target Miya or Empress.
Something must have gone wrong.
I see.
STRENGTH: Your daughter...
Charlotte?
STRENGTH: Yeah, Charlotte.
While I was fighting in that monstrosity,
I met a girl named Lunatic.
She said she was Artemis' human avatar.
Lunatic.
STRENGTH: She said it would be a problem
if Charlotte was abducted from them.
So?
STRENGTH: Isn't it strange?
She said "abducted," not "killed."
(gasps)
I see. It might be possible
to deprogram her from their mind control.
At any rate, it's meaningful
to get Charlotte back from them.
(sighs)
(grunts)
Okay, we're ready to go now.
Thank you. You have helped us a lot.
Thank you.
You'd better not be captured
by weirdos ever again.
I know.
Are you going with Empress, Strength?
I guess. There are cockroaches
that need to be completely exterminated.
If I go with them,
I'll probably meet that witch again.
STRENGTH: Then I'll beat her to a pulp.
You were no match for her.
What? You want to get your ass kicked?
Norito.
I have a feeling
they're going to change the world.
Yeah.
NORITO: I feel like that, too.
How are you doing, Black Trike?
BLACK TRIKE: The damage is too serious
to be serviced
by the self-repair function.
In order to keep driving,
repairs must be made by hand
using the maintenance manual
within six hours.
Okay. Wait just a little bit.
BLACK TRIKE: Roger.
There was no trace of your daughter
at the crash site.
She's probably still alive and kicking.
Yes.
Anyway, we're back to heading
towards Artemis' Orbital Elevator.
Yes, we are.
By the way, Monica?
Is your map system
that doesn't use GPS still working?
Of course, it is.
Do you still want to be the navigator?
I think it would be
more stupid of me to get out now.
I might as well go all the way.
Have you heard of the "Concorde Fallacy"?
MONICA: I have.
It was thought of as a mistake,
because they couldn't get out of it
from an economic standpoint.
I imagine that the developers
of the Concorde were purely happy
to see their aircraft keep flying
for many years.
Well, I view this as a good experience
even without the humanitarian aspect.
Colonel, you don't see her
as the Concorde, do you?
(scoffs)
I guess not.
COLONEL: They certainly are not
as elegant as passenger airliners.
So, Empress, where are we heading?
Our house, Light House Number Eight.
We have to go there.
("Before the Nightmare"
by Kanako Takatsuki playing)